# Mahirl
MAHIRL AND ANTIQUE ITEMS Mahirl and Antique Items         Mahirl is a great admirer of antique items and she has a huge collection of antique items at home. Once she wanted to expand her collection with exactly one antique item.           Mahirl knows n sellers of antiques, the i-th of them auctioned ki items. Currently the auction price of the j-th object of the i-th seller is sij. Mahirl gets on well with each of the n sellers. She is perfectly sure that if she outbids the current price of one of the items in the auction (in other words, offers the seller the money that is strictly greater than the current price of the item at the auction), the seller of the object will immediately sign a contract with her.          Unfortunately, Mahirl has only v units of money. Help her to determine which of the n sellers she can make a deal with.        Input and Output Format:  The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers n, v (1 ≤ n ≤ 50;  v ≤ 1000000) — the number of sellers and the units of money Mahirl has.  Then n lines follow. The i-th line first contains integer ki (1 ≤ ki ≤ 50) the number of items of the i-th seller. Then go ki space-separated integers si1, si2, ..., siki ( sij ≤ 1000000) — the current prices of the items of the i-th seller.     In the first line of the output, print integer p — the number of sellers with whom Mahirl can make a deal.  In the second line print p space-separated integers q1, q2, ..., qp (1 ≤ qi ≤ n) — the numbers of the sellers with whom Mahirl can make a deal. Print the numbers of the sellers in the increasing order.     Sample Input 1  3 50000  1 40000  2 20000 60000  3 10000 70000 190000  Sample Output 1  3  1 2 3     Sample Input 2  3 50000  1 50000  3 100000 120000 110000  3 120000 110000 120000  Sample Output 2  0     {Hint:  In the first sample Mahirl can bargain with each of the sellers. She can outbid the following items: a 40000 item from the first seller, a 20000 item from the second seller, and a 10000 item from the third seller.  In the second sample Mahirl cannot make a deal with any of the sellers, as the prices of all items in the auction are too big for her.}
